1. An administrator is trying to configure Metro Availability between Nutanix ESXi-based clusters.
However, the Compatible Remote Sites screen does not list all required storage containers.
Which two reasons could be a cause for this issue? (Choose two.)
A. Source and destination hardware are from different vendors.
B. The remote site storage container has compression enabled.
C. The destination storage container is not empty.
D. Both storage containers must have the same name.

2. The customer expects to maintain a cluster runway of 9 months. The customer doesn’t have a budget
for 6 months but they want to add new workloads to the existing cluster.
A. Add resources to the cluster.
B. Postpone the start of new workloads.
C. Delete workloads running on the cluster.
D. Change the target to 9 months.

3. After reviewing the VM’s CPU Ready Time data shown in the exhibit, which step should the
administrator take to diagnose the issue further?
A. Check the number of vCPUs assigned to each CVM.
B. Review host CPU utilization.
C. Assess cluster SSD capacity.
D. Enable VM memory oversubscription.

4. In a scale-out Prism Central deployment, what additional functionality does configuring an FQDN
instead of a Virtual IP provide?
A. Load balancing
B. Resiliency
C. Segmentation
D. SSL Certificate

5. After adding new workloads, why is Overall Runway below 365 days and the scenario still shows the
cluster is in good shape?{Target: 1 Month, overall runway: 58 days, CPU runway: 58 days, RAM runway: 58 days, storage runway: 365 days}
A. Because Storage Runway is still good.
B. Because new workloads are sustainable.
C. Because there are recommended resources.
D. Because the Target is 1 month.

6. An administrator needs to set up a protection policy in preparation for a Disaster Recovery (DR) test.
What is the first step required to satisfy this task?
A. Install NGT (Nutanix Guest Tools) on VMs where applications are supported.
B. Create an Availability Zone between Production and DR.
C. Convert the source cluster to AHV.
D. Create a point-in-time snapshot of source VMs

7. An administrator wants to ensure that VMs can be migrated and restarted on another node in the
event of a single-host failure.
What action should be taken in Prism Element to meet this requirement?
A. Set Redundancy Factor to 3.
B. Enable HA Reservation.
C. Configure a Protection Domain.
D. Configure an RF1 storage container.

8. An administrator started an LCM upgrade of the AHV hosts but realized that the upgrade would
exceed the planned maintenance window.
Which feature should be leveraged to prevent additional updates from occurring?
A. Cancel the LCM tasks via the Ergon command line (ecli).
B. Run the lcm_task_cleanup.py script.
C. Restart Genesis on the cluster to restart the LCM service.
D. Use the Stop Update feature in LCM

9. The team leads of a development environment want to limit developer access to a specific set of
VMs.
What is the most efficient way to enable the team leads to directly manage these VMs?
A. Create a role mapping for each team lead and assign appropriately.
B. Create a VPC for each team lead and give them VPC Admin.
C. Create a Project for each team lead and assign access.
D. Create Security Policies to isolate users

10. An administrator needs to configure NTP on Prism Central running on a Hyper-V cluster.
How should the administrator complete this task?
A. Add an external NTP server.
B. Add the DNS server IP.
C. Add a server with a DNS hostname.
D. Add the IP of the Domain Controller.

11. Which two entities can be categorized? (Choose two.)
A. Storage Containers
B. Alerts
C. Virtual Machines
D. ISO Images

12. What feature allows receiving a weekly message about infrastructure performance summary?
A. Admin Center Life Cycle Manager
B. Prism Central Syslog
C. Infrastructure VMs List
D. Intelligent Operations Reports

13. Which storage attributes do Storage Policies manage?
A. Storage Containers and Volume Groups
B. Replication Factor and Encryption
C. Shares and Object Stores
D. Data Protection and Security

14. An administrator notices the message shown in the exhibit when navigating to LCM from Prism
Central. {LCM -> inventory -> A newer version 2.7.1 of  the framework is available}
Which action should the administrator take to update LCM to the latest version?
A. Run an AOS upgrade.
B. Run an AHV upgrade.
C. Perform an Inventory Scan.
D. Download and install the latest LCM version from a CVM

15. An administrator needs to ensure that a VM is powered on before the rest of the VMs when starting
a host.
Which configuration option allows this behavior?
A. Recovery Plan
B. Host Affinity
C. High Availability
D. Agent VM

16. An administrator is preparing for a firmware upgrade on a host and wants to manually migrate VMs
before executing the LCM upgrade. However, one VM is unable to migrate while others migrate
successfully.
Which action would fix the issue?
A. Enable Acropolis Dynamic Scheduling (ADS) at the cluster level.
B. Update Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP).
C. Disable Agent VM within the VM configuration options.
D. Configure backplane port groups that are assigned to the CVM

17. A company is evaluating Nutanix Disaster Recovery (DR) to protect multiple business-critical
applications. Some applications are built using a 3-tier architecture and have interdependencies.
After failover, the VM's static IP address is retained, but DNS configuration is lost.
How should an administrator proceed to resolve this issue?
A. Configure Self-Service Restore.
B. Create custom in-guest scripts to preserve the statically assigned DNS IP addresses.
C. Install Network Manager command-line tool (nncli) in the protected Windows VMs.
D. Configure a Protection Domain

18. An administrator needs to create a storage container named TestData with the following conditions:
Replication Factor (RF) = 1 (RF1)
Inline Compression enabled
Deduplication disabled
Maximum storage capacity = 100 GiB
How should the administrator complete this task?
A. Log into Prism Element and create the storage container with an Advertised Capacity of 100 GiB.
B. Log into Prism Element and create the storage container.
C. Log into Prism Central and create the storage container with a Reserved Capacity of 100 GiB.
D. Log into Prism Central and create the storage container

19. Which predefined view in Prism Central’s Intelligent Operations should be used to determine which
VM is consuming excessive resources and causing performance issues for others?
A. Inactive VMs List
B. Overprovisioned VMs List
C. Bully VMs List
D. Constrained VMs List

20. Which feature deploys a temporary VM that allows an administrator to log in and apply OS patches
to a VM template?
A. Create VM from Template
B. Complete Guest OS Update
C. Update Configuration
D. Update Guest OS

21. A user created a report in the Intelligent Operations Analysis Dashboard but forgot to download it.
However, after logging back into Prism Central, the administrator finds that the report is no longer
available.
What is the most likely cause?
A. A user with Cluster Viewer role deleted the report.
B. The user-generated report was archived.
C. Reports are automatically deleted after 24 hours.
D. The report is stored in the cluster’s Prism Element.

22.An administrator is looking at the memory cluster runway diagram as shown in exhibit, in Prism
Central. The environment has three hosts with the following configuration:
CPU: 2x Intel Xeon Gold (8 cores, 2.6 GHz)
RAM: 256 GB per host
Storage: SSDs and HDDs
The Intelligent Operations feature has been active for one month, but no further configurations were
applied.
What does the dotted red line mean?
A. It is the default trend analysis static threshold that can be manually set.
B. It is the maximum memory the administrator can assign to VMs.
C. It is the calculated memory oversubscription limit for currently running VMs.
D. It is the usable capacity based on cluster configuration options.

23. Due to application requirements, an administrator needs to support a multicast configuration in an
AHV cluster.
Which AHV feature can be used to optimize network traffic so that multicast traffic is only forwarded
to the VMs that need to receive it?
A. LACP
B. UDP
C. IGMP Snooping
D. Network Segmentation

24. An administrator has been tasked with performing firmware upgrades for all Nutanix sites.
When attempting to perform firmware upgrades via Life Cycle Manager (LCM) at a remote site with a
single-node cluster, no firmware updates are listed as available. The administrator confirmed that the
currently installed firmware is several revisions behind.
Why are no firmware upgrades listed in LCM for this cluster?
A. Single-node clusters only support one-disk firmware upgrades.
B. LCM is not supported on single-node clusters.
C. LCM cannot perform firmware upgrades on single-node clusters.
D. LCM does not have connectivity to the internet.

25. An administrator is responsible for resource planning and needs to plan for resiliency of a 10-node
RF3 cluster. The cluster has 100TB of storage.
How should the administrator plan for capacity in the event of future failures?
A. Set Reserve Storage Capacity (%) to 20.
B. Set Reserve Capacity for Failure to None.
C. Set Reserve Capacity for Failure to Auto Detect.
D. Set Reserve Memory Capacity (%) to 20

26. An administrator migrated a physical MySQL database from a legacy 3-tier environment to a Nutanix
cluster.
After migration, the administrator finds that at peak load, the number of IOPS is lower than
expected, and latency is higher.
Which two steps should the administrator take to improve performance? (Choose two.)
A. Ensure that the SQL data vDisks are thick provisioned.
B. Create additional vDisks for SQL data.
C. Use LVM to stripe the SQL data across multiple vDisks.
D. Ensure that the SQL data vDisks are thin provisioned.

27. After upgrading Prism Central from PC2022.1 to PC2024.1, an administrator is unable to log in with
their IAM domain account.
What is the first troubleshooting step the administrator should take?
A. Ping the Domain Controller from the CVM.
B. Ensure port 9441 is open in the firewall.
C. Validate the trusted signing certificate of the organization.
D. Log in with a local admin account.

28. An administrator has successfully configured Metro Availability for a Protection Domain. However,
after a few days, an NCC warning is raised:
"Following VMs are accessing data from remote clusters: VM-1 from remote cluster Remote-ML"
What is the first action an administrator must take to fix the issue?
A. Run the command:
ncli pd list metro-avail=true | egrep "Protection Domain Stretch Role" | grep "ACTIVE"
B. Use must-affinity rules to avoid automated VM migration to the standby datastore.
C. Migrate the VM to its primary site and set appropriate rules for DRS and affinity.
D. Run the command:
ncc health_checks metro_availability_checks data_locality_check --cvm_list=X.X.X.20

29. An administrator is trying to delete a protected snapshot but is unable to do so.
What is the most likely cause?
A. There is an active recovery occurring at that time.
B. Ransomware has encrypted the snapshot.
C. There is an approval policy that was denied.
D. The snapshot has been corrupted.

30. When expanding a cluster, what is required to automatically discover new nodes?
A. New nodes must have the same hypervisor version.
B. IPv6 multicast must be allowed on physical switches.
C. New nodes must have the same AOS version.
D. IPv4 multicast must be allowed on physical switches

31. An administrator wants to disable password-based SSH access for the nutanix user on a CVM to
improve security.
What action should the administrator take?
A. Rename the nutanix user.
B. Block port 22 on the CVM firewall.
C. Enable Cluster Lockdown.
D. Delete the nutanix user

32. An administrator configured a remote site for Protection Domain replication, but network
performance and stability are impacted.
How can the remote site configuration be adjusted to fix the issue?
A. Configure Network Address Translation (NAT) between the two Nutanix clusters.
B. Configure the Protection Domain with many-to-many replication.
C. Configure a Bandwidth Throttling Policy.
D. Configure the remote Cluster VIP as a proxy.

33. An administrator needs to modify an AHV VM to support a large number of concurrent network
connections. The VM has:
4 vCPUs
20 GB RAM
OS: Microsoft Windows Server 2022
Which modification can improve network performance for network I/O-intensive applications?
A. Add more vCPUs.
B. Enable AHV Turbo Technology.
C. Enable RSS VirtIO-Net Multi-Queue.
D. Add more RAM.

34. An administrator is configuring Protection Policies to replicate VMs to a Nutanix Cloud Cluster (NC2)
over the internet.
To comply with security policies, how should data be protected during transmission?
A. Configure Data on a self-encrypting drive.
B. Configure VMs to use UEFI Secure Boot.
C. Enable Data-at-Rest Encryption.
D. Enable Data-in-Transit Encryption.

35. A security team asks an administrator to set up port mirroring of a specific source VM to a target VM.
What must the administrator ensure for this configuration to be possible?
A. Source VM and Target VM are on the same VLAN.
B. Source VM and Target VM are on the same host.
C. Source VM and Target VM are on the same subnet.
D. Source VM and Target VM are on the same VPC

36. What is required to create a category in Nutanix?
A. A name and a value
B. A policy and an entity
C. A service and a scope
D. A catalog and a template

37. An administrator wants to enable application discovery on a Nutanix cluster to monitor applications. A Prism Central instance is already configured with sufficient CPU and memory.
What other prerequisites must be met before enabling application discovery? (Choose two.)
A. Sufficient Prism Central VM resources
B. Internet connection
C. API key and key ID
D. Network controller is enabled

38. An administrator has been tasked with justifying why Nutanix Disaster Recovery was chosen for a
multi-tier application spanning multiple business units.
What is the most efficient way to organize and manage the workloads?
A. Utilize a VM naming schema that allows sorting
B. Utilize Categories to organize VMs in Recovery Plans
C. Utilize a 1:10 ratio of Recovery Plan to VMs
D. Utilize RESTful APIs to script creation of Recovery Plans

39. An administrator is working with a network engineer to design the network architecture for a DR
failover.
Because DNS is well-designed, the DR site will use a different subnet but retain the same last octet in
the IP address.
What is the best way to achieve this?
A. Use a custom script to update the IP address after instantiation in DR.
B. Set up IPAM so the address is dynamically assigned during DR.
C. Manually log into VMs after the DR event and update the last octet.
D. Utilize Recovery Plan Offset-based IP mapping.

40. In an RF2 cluster, what is the minimum number of nodes required to allow a host removal?
A. 2
B. 3
C. 4
D. 5

41. An administrator wants to live-migrate a vGPU-enabled VM from one host to another within the
same cluster.
What requirements must be met before initiating the migration?
A. The target host has sufficient resources to support the VM.
B. The vGPU profile needs to be changed.
C. The VM must be configured as an agent VM.
D. The host affinity for the VM must be set to a specific host.

42. If an administrator creates a report with no retention policy configured, how many instances of the
report are retained by default?
A. 5
B. 10
C. 15
D. 20

43. An administrator wants to ensure that user VMs on AHV hosts can take advantage of bandwidth
beyond a single adapter in a bond.
Which uplink Bond Type should the administrator configure to accomplish this?
A. No Uplink Bond
B. Active-Active
C. Active-Active with MAC pinning
D. Active-Backup

44. An administrator has been asked to calculate baseline Capacity Runway on a newly registered AHV
cluster.
The cluster has been running for 16 days, but no runway projections are displayed.
Why are no Capacity Runway projections being displayed?
A. Capacity Planning requires at least 30 days of data.
B. Capacity Planning requires at least 21 days of data.
C. Capacity Planning requires at least 3 months of data.
D. Capacity Planning requires at least 6 months of data.

45. An administrator is configuring a replication schedule on multiple remote locations deployed using a
single-node cluster. The goal is to achieve the lowest possible RPO (Recovery Point Objective).
How should the administrator configure the replication schedule?
A. Configure NearSync replication.
B. Configure a schedule for 16 minutes up to 59 minutes.
C. Configure Async replication.
D. Configure a schedule for 1 minute up to 15 minutes.

46. An administrator attempted to enable Data-in-Transit Encryption on a Scale-Out Prism Central cluster
to encrypt service-level traffic between nodes. However, the feature did not work correctly due to a
firewall restriction.
Which CVM-specific port should be allowed through the firewall for Data-in-Transit Encryption?
A. 2009
B. 2010
C. 2020
D. 9440

47. A Disaster Recovery administrator has set up a Protection Policy for 50 workloads, all configured
similarly.
The RPO is 60 minutes with a specified retention of 10 local copies, 5 remote copies, and crash
consistency.
After activation, recovery points are not appearing at the DR site, even though they are visible on the
production side.
What is the most likely issue?
A. Nutanix Guest Tools (NGT) is not installed on the source VMs.
B. Windows updates need to be applied to all affected VMs.
C. The storage container name on the DR cluster does not match the production cluster.
D. The storage container RF factor does not match in both clusters.

48. An administrator needs to optimize a VM’s storage by leveraging compression features. The VM’s
vDisks are currently stored in a default storage container with no optimizations enabled.
How should the administrator proceed?
A. Migrate vDisks to the Production storage container.
B. Recreate the VM in the Production storage container and copy data.
C. Migrate the VM to the Production storage container.
D. Recreate the vDisk in the Production storage container and copy data.

49. Which two URLs must be accessible from a Connected Site’s Controller VMs to allow Life Cycle
Manager (LCM) to download software updates?
A. download.nutanix.com
B. mynutanix.com
C. release-api.nutanix.com
D. portal.nutanix.com

50. An administrator needs to create a storage container for VM disks. The container must meet the
following conditions:
10 GiB of the total allocated space must not be used by other containers.
The container must have a maximum storage capacity of 500 GiB.
What settings should the administrator configure while creating the storage container?
A. Set Advertised Capacity to 10 GiB and Reserved Capacity to 500 GiB.
B. Set Advertised Capacity to 10 GiB.
C. Set Reserved Capacity to 500 GiB.
D. Set Reserved Capacity to 10 GiB and Advertised Capacity to 500 GiB

51. In a five-node cluster, an administrator noticed that three VMs are consuming too many resources on
a single host.
Acropolis Dynamic Scheduling (ADS) is not able to migrate these VMs.
What is the most likely reason preventing ADS from migrating these VMs?
A. VMs use a Volume Group.
B. VMs use GPU pass-through.
C. VM-VM anti-affinity policy is set.
D. VMs use external Network Attached Storage.

52. An administrator using a dark site deployment for LCM is attempting to upgrade to the latest BIOS.
After completing an inventory scan, the administrator does not see the expected BIOS version
available for upgrade. What is the most likely reason the latest BIOS is not shown?
A. AOS needs to be upgraded first.
B. The latest compatibility bundle has not been uploaded.
C. The BMC version needs to be upgraded first.
D. The dark site webserver is not accessible.

53. Which update in LCM can an administrator apply on a per-node basis?
A. AOS
B. BMC
C. NCC
D. AHV

54. An administrator is experiencing storage performance issues on a Windows Server 2019 VM with the
following configuration:
vCPU: 1
VRAM: 8 GB
vSCSI: VirtIO SCSI Controller
vDisk: 2 (100 GB, 250 GB)
vNIC: VirtIO Fast Ethernet
The AHV cluster is healthy, and other Windows VMs are performing well.
Which configuration change should be reviewed to enhance VM performance?
A. Add a second virtual storage controller (vSCSI).
B. Enable Balance-TCP on bridge (br0).
C. Increase Controller VM (CVM) resources.
D. Increase the VM’s number of vCPUs.

55. An administrator needs to perform an LCM upgrade on an AHV host with GPUs.
What additional step is required before upgrading the host?
A. Create an agent VM on each host that has GPU drivers installed.
B. Run LCM in dark site mode so it can update AHV independently.
C. Use Direct Uploads to upload appropriate driver bundles.
D. Update NCC to the latest version and re-run Inventory.

56. What is supported for creating a VM Template in Nutanix?
A. VM is protected by Protection Domain-based DR.
B. VM is an agent or a Prism Central VM.
C. VM has disks located on RF2 containers.
D. VM runs on the ESXi hypervisor.

57. An administrator has configured AHV Metro Availability with Witness and is testing failover
scenarios. During testing, the administrator disconnects the primary and recovery clusters but Prism Central
remains connected to the recovery site.
What are two expected system behaviors? (Choose two.)
A. Guest VM I/O operations pause (freeze) until connectivity is restored.
B. Guest VM I/O operations pause (freeze) until connectivity between Prism Central and the primary
site is restored.
C. Guest VMs failover automatically to the recovery cluster.
D. Guest VMs continue to run on the primary cluster.

58. What guest customization options are available when creating a VM template?
A. Sysprep, Cloud-init, Custom Script, Guided Script
B. Bash, Powershell
C. Python, YAML
D. None, guest customization is not supported in Nutanix templates.

59. An administrator notices high CPU usage on a VM and wants to determine whether adding more
vCPUs would improve performance.
Which two metrics should be analyzed to make this decision? (Choose two.)
A. VM CPU Ready Time
B. VM CPU Usage
C. Host CPU Usage
D. Host Memory Swap Out Rate

60. An administrator is protecting an application and its data stored on Volume Groups using Protection
Domains. During failover tests, all application VMs restore successfully, but the application data is completely missing. How can the Protection Domain configuration be adjusted to avoid this issue in the future? (Choose
two.)
A. Select the "Auto protect related entities" checkbox.
B. Manually add Volume Groups to Protected Entities.
C. Place Volume Groups in a separate Protection Domain.
D. Use application-consistent snapshots.

61. An administrator needs to enable Windows Defender Credential Guard to comply with company policy.
The new VM configurations include:
Legacy BIOS
4 vCPUs
8 GB RAM
Windows Server 2019
What must be changed in order to properly enable Windows Defender Credential Guard?
A. Update vCPU to 8.
B. Enable UEFI with Secure Boot.
C. Use Windows Server 2022.
D. Update Memory to 16GB.

62. An administrator needs to create a single chart showing multiple storage bandwidth metrics a VM is
consuming. Which type of chart should the administrator create?
A. Metric Chart
B. Entity Chart
C. Hypervisor Performance Chart
D. VM Summary Chart

63. An administrator is configuring Nutanix Disaster Recovery (DR) for a cross-hypervisor setup (ESXi to AHV) but finds that guest VMs do not recover properly at the DR location. What is required for a successful cross-hypervisor DR event?
A. Utilize delta disks.
B. Deploy Legacy BIOS boot on hosts within the cluster.
C. Use raw device mappings.
D. Nutanix Guest Tools (NGT) must be installed on source guest VMs

64. An administrator receives an alert in Prism stating:
"Storage container <container_name> on cluster <cluster_name> will run out of storage resources in approximately 1 day."
However, the cluster has plenty of available space remaining. What configuration setting is causing the container to run out of space while the cluster has space remaining?
A. Advertised Capacity is set too low.
B. Reserved Capacity is set too high.
C. Compression is set too low.
D. Replication Factor is set too high.

65. Which two actions occur by default on a node that is placed in Maintenance Mode? (Choose two.)
A. Non-migratable VMs are powered off and restarted on other hosts in the cluster.
B. All eligible VMs on the host are migrated to other hosts in the cluster.
C. All eligible VMs on the host are powered off.
D. Non-migratable VMs are powered off.

66. An administrator observes an alert in Prism for a hybrid SSD/HDD cluster:
"Storage Pool SSD utilization consistently above 75%."
What is the potential impact of this condition?
A. The cluster is unable to sustain an SSD disk failure.
B. The cluster may be nearly out of storage for metadata.
C. The cluster is at risk of entering a read-only state.
D. Average I/O latency in the cluster may increase.

67. An administrator wants to clean up inactive VMs using VM Efficiency in Nutanix. The business requires that VMs must be inactive for 120 days before deletion. A Playbook was created to delete Dead and Zombie VMs with a 99-day wait period after they are marked inactive.
How long will have passed before these VMs are deleted? (Choose two.)
A. For Dead VMs, the wait before deletion is 120 days.
B. For Zombie VMs, the wait before deletion is 129 days.
C. For Dead VMs, the wait before deletion is 129 days.
D. For Zombie VMs, the wait before deletion is 120 days.

68. How can a VM or Volume Group (VG) be associated with a Storage Policy?
A. Assign the Storage Policy directly on the VM or VG.
B. Assign the VM or VG directly to the Storage Policy.
C. Migrate the VM or VG to the Storage Container assigned to the Storage Policy.
D. Assign the VM or VG to the same Category as the Storage Policy.

69. An administrator is managing a 4-node cluster with different hardware generations:
Two G5 Nodes → 2 CPUs (12 cores), 1 SSD (1.92 TB), 2 HDDs (4 TB).
Two G7 Nodes → 2 CPUs (16 cores), 2 SSDs (1.92 TB), 4 HDDs (4 TB).
The cluster will be decommissioned from production and used for Disaster Recovery (DR) purposes with an RPO of 1 hour.
What is the best approach when replacing G5 nodes without impacting performance?
A. New node must have at least 2 SSDs.
B. New node must be G7 or G8.
C. New node must have 2 CPUs with 12 cores.
D. New node must be hybrid.

70. A consultant is configuring syslog monitoring and wants to receive CRITICAL logs from the Audit
module. Which severity level setting should be configured to get the desired output?
A. 0
B. 2
C. 5
D. 7

71. An administrator has configured Metro Availability but a few hours later got an NCC warning:
Node x.x.X.X:
WARN: Break replication timeout of Metro protection domain 'M1' is below the recommended minimum.
What is a possible resolution for this issue?
A. Update the break_replication_timeout to 10 seconds.
B. Update the break_replication_timeout to 5 milliseconds.
C. Update the break_replication_timeout to 15 milliseconds.
D. Update the break_replication_timeout to 15 seconds

72. What is supported for creating a VM Template in Nutanix?
A. VM is protected by Protection Domain-based D
B. VM is an agent or a Prism Central V
C. VM has disks located on RF2 containers.
D. VM runs on the ESXi hypervisor.

73. An administrator is managing an environment based on two different AHV-based and ESXi-based clusters. Workloads are evenly distributed and in a healthy state.
A Linux VM running on ESXi is not performing well at the storage level and is configured as follows:
• VCPU: 8
• VRAM: 32
• vDisk: 3, first 100 GB, second 250 GB, third 250 GB
What is the easiest way to test VM performance, while minimizing downtime?
A. Increase the number of vCPUs.
B. Migrate the VM to the AHV cluster.
C. Enable vDisk sharding at AOS level.
D. Collapse the second and the third disk into a single one

74. What is the best way to automate the deployment of 100 Linux VMs with similar configurations but different hostnames, local configurations, and install packages?
A. Manual configuration
B. Cloud-Init configuration
C. SysPrep Configuration
D. VM template configuration

75. An administrator needs to compare the performance of two VMs that are running on separate Nutanix clusters.
When creating an Analysis chart in Prism Central Intelligent Operations, the administrator discovers that it is not possible to add VM metrics for IOPS and CPU utilization to the same chart.
How should the administrator resolve this issue?
A. Create an Entity chart instead of a Metric chart.
B. Ensure that both VMs have the same number of vCPUs provisioned.
C. Migrate one of the VMs so that both VMs are running on the same cluster.
D. Create separate charts for metrics with different units of measurement

76. Per organizational requirements, an administrator has uploaded a signed SSL certificate to Prism for Common Access Card (CAC) authentication. Once the certificate has been uploaded successfully, the certificate appears to be valid but CAC authentication is not functional.
What is a potential cause of this problem?
A. There is no Certificate Revocation List (CRL) configured.
B. RSA key size is incorrect.
C. Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) is not enabled.
D. Signature Algorithm is incorrect.

77. What happens if an agent VM is powered off and then manually started on another host?
A. Agent VM become unresponsive.
B. Agent VM cannot be migrated back to the original host.
C. Agent VM migrates back to the original host once it's powered on.
D. Agent VM migrates to another host automatically

78. An administrator manages multiple clusters at different geographic sites via a single Prism Central.
What should be configured to optimize image uploads to all locations?
A. Image Placement Policy with Soft Enforcement
B. Custom Image Upload Role
C. Bandwidth Throttling Policy
D. Image Placement Policy with Hard Enforcement

79. A new employee has inherited a partially configured Disaster Recovery (DR) schema. Source workloads have been identified and Nutanix Guest Tools has been installed.
There are two Protection Polices in place, one with an asynchronous schedule with a 1-hour RPO and a second policy utilizing synchronous replication. All of these workloads need to be recovered at a DR location and this will be orchestrated by Prism Central Recovery Plans.
What is the best way to setup this recovery orchestration?
A. Identify the workload startup order and create Recovery Plans corresponding to the startup order.
B. Setup a Recovery Plan for the asynchronous replication and convert the synchronous replication to a Protection Domain.
C. Setup two Recovery Plans, one for the asynchronous replication and one for the synchronous replication.
D. Setup a single Recovery Plan utilizing stages of recovery delays as needed.